c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\bin\Debug\ModernUIApp.exe
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\bin\Debug\ModernUIApp.pdb
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.dll
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\bin\Debug\FirstFloor.ModernUI.xml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Content\About.baml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.baml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.baml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.baml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Content\About.g.cs
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Content\SettingsAppearance.g.cs
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Pages\Home.g.cs
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Pages\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp.g.resources
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp.exe
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\ModernUIApp.pdb
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage.baml
c:\users\krasi\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ModernUIApp\ModernUIApp\obj\Debug\Pages\BasicPage.g.cs
